## Roblox
I played roblox for many years as a kid, infact it was probably the first game I ever played, other than one I have the faintest memory of with purple cakes? or rollercoaster tycoon 3.
### Word Bomb
There is a game on roblox called wordbomb which gives you two or three letters and would ask you to type a word that has those two letters next to each other, after playing for a while I figured out people were cheating and I made my own cheats for this game - although the devs say that this is part of learning and was allowed -. Essentially this script would scroll through a word list or two and print a bunch of normal words and then some "funny words" these funny words were from a wordlist that had some extremely long words you'd never think of, examples of such words are getting the letter "ae" and answering "Echinosph*ae*ritidae".
### Combat logout.py
Me and 2 of my friends were playing a minecraft clone in roblox where when you died you dropped all your loot but if you left before dying you would keep all your loot, this was a simple script that would press "alt+f4" when your health bar went red, this got alot of people mad.
### minigame_aimbot.py 
A roblox tycoon game (probably) had a mini game where you could click on dots as they appear to get extra money, I made a simple script that detected these dots and clicked on them.
### Roville
Roville was a life roleplay game I played when I was younger, to build or do anything you had to work fake jobs, the two main jobs that were the easiest to automate were a burgatory place similar to "work at pizza places" cashier minigame, customers would say what they wanted and you would click on the corosponding image.
The office minigame was a bit harder, math was displayed and you would have to click on the correct answer.
### Bloxburg Fishing
Like Roville this was a roleplay game where you needed money to do anything, I wanted to build a cool house but needed pleanty of money,you could do many minigames the easiest to automate being a fishing minigame. This fishing minigame had historically already been automated by other people to do the same things as me so there are stages of which this script iterated for. A little bit of cat and mouse with the developers of Bloxburg
#### The initial fishing script
Place your camera under the water so you could see the floater from the fishing rod, a little red circle. When that red circle moved it meant a fish was caught and you need to click once to catch it, and then once again to cast the fishing rod again, this script worked very well.
#### Iterations
As I gave this script out to my frineds many of them had issues with it either because of one thing or another, the first autofishing script is fish.py which was subsequently replaced with fish_improved.py after I had learned there were the occasional false positive, remastered_fish.py is a "remaster" of the improved python script that had some resemblence of formating and pep8 compliance.
#### The devs fight back
being commonly exploited by the bloxburg community all scripts that detected a red ball moving and clicking were countered by... randomly changing the colour. I could've done the smart thing and just detect the contrast as the only other colour on the screen was a moving gradient of blue, but Instead I decided to be different. instead swapping around the orientation of the camera and finding the white of the floater at the top side of the water: hence white_fish.py. This script lasted a little bit, contained a log file to figure out when it went wrong and worked well after many of the community had given up on such an endevour. **HOWEVER** the devs out smarted me once again, most likely unintentially, they added snow during Christmas to the screen, my fishing script wouldn't work as it wouldn't be able to differentiate between snow and the floater. Currenlty to my knowledge, the auto-fishing script now only works in three of the four seasons.  